docs: enhance README with 1.0 features and improved structure (#5534)
microsoft/agent-framework: README.md

[![MS Learn Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/MS%20Learn-Documentation-blue)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/agent-framework/)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/agent-framework)](https://pypi.org/project/agent-framework/)
[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Microsoft.Agents.AI)](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/MicrosoftAgentFramework/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/microsoft/agent-framework?style=social)](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/stargazers)

Microsoft Agent Framework (MAF) is an open, multi-language framework for building **production-grade AI agents and multi-agent workflows** in **.NET and Python**.

It is designed for teams moving beyond prototypes who need:

> - a consistent agent programming model with tools, middleware, and provider flexibility,

Reviewer: This content is duplicated below (Key Features), I think we only need it once, and I think I like the later section better

Author: addressed in [c8ff0e3](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/pull/5534/commits/c8ff0e344b120f0af156b7c7b651315e4cc6e68b) kept the later section and reworded this.

- graph-based workflows with checkpointing, streaming, human-in-the-loop, and time-travel,
- durable and restartable execution for long-running, stateful orchestration,
- interoperable architectures through MCP and Agent-to-Agent (A2A) communication,
- built-in observability and tracing with OpenTelemetry,
- and practical paths to test, host, and operate agents in real production systems.

> MAF supports a broad ecosystem including Azure AI Foundry, Azure OpenAI, OpenAI, and GitHub Copilot SDK, with samples and hosting patterns for both local development and cloud deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MAF supports a broad ecosystem including Microsoft Foundry, Azure OpenAI, OpenAI, and the GitHub Copilot SDK, with samples and hosting patterns for both local development and cloud deployment.
```

  </a>
</p>

## Is this the right framework for you?

> ✅ MAF is a strong fit if you:

Reviewer 2: IMO, the emojis make this look less professional (I know they were there before...). Thoughts?

Author: addressed in [68862c](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/pull/5534/commits/668862caf9619b72094f02d7f36cf772351fb91d) and added link to our blogs too.

  </a>
</p>

## Is this the right framework for you?

MAF is a strong fit if you:
- are building agents and workflows you expect to run in production,
- need orchestration beyond a single prompt or stateless chat loop,
- want graph-based patterns such as sequential, concurrent, handoff, and group collaboration,
- care about durability, restartability, observability, governance, or human-in-the-loop control,
- need provider flexibility so your architecture can evolve without major rewrites.

> If your scope is limited to experimentation or simple single-prompt chatbots,

Reviewer: I don't think we need this line, it's implied by the 'strong fit' section. Also, it will be more nuanced with the harness features

Author: Fair, addressed in [c8ff0e3](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/pull/5534/commits/c8ff0e344b120f0af156b7c7b651315e4cc6e68b)

    asyncio.run(main())
```

#### Basic Agent - .NET
Create a simple Agent, using Microsoft Foundry with token-based auth, that writes a haiku about the Microsoft Agent Framework

> 

Author: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/pull/5534#discussion_r3152008377)

```c#
// This sample shows how to create and run a basic agent with AIProjectClient.AsAIAgent(...).

using Azure.AI.Projects;
using Azure.Identity;
using Microsoft.Agents.AI;

> 

Author: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/pull/5534#discussion_r3152008386)
